{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=1404, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww25300\viewh14800\viewkind1\viewscale198
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 CSC 262 \
Jia Wang\
10/25/2020\
Assignment 7 write up\
1, JSON is part of Java Script, JS is a robust all purpose scripting language that recently taken on OOP and other functional roles of coding different actions on a web site.  Since JSON act as data carrier like XML, and JSON is part of JS, the data carried by JSON can be worked on seamlessly by Java Script.  This make things easier, since you only need to really know JS to be able to put up a web page (DOM and REACT), provide data (JSON) and style things (DOM, REACT or CSS).  Making JSON ideal for manifests (metadata about what the site is).  XML is an excellent tool to transport data and can be muted to fit any data set you may want to represent.  But XML is not a robust functional language as JS is, and Java Script is a far easier language to use than XML / XSLT, XHTML.  For example, I written calculators as web pages using JS DOM, CSS and HTML, doing this in XML is possible using XML, XSL, XSLT, but the difficulty is exponentially more in XML.  \
\
2, I think IOS is requiring these extra HTML documents to make the PWAs more proprietary on Apple products, differentiating the Apple PWAs from Windows and Android versions of the PWA.  I think this is a bad idea because adding layers on top of what should be a simple manifest will only fracture a growing PWA industry and add more difficulties to developers when building apps for IOS. \
}